(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
JANJA: Come on, fur brains!
Move it!
Before the Lion Guard
shows up.
Right! Move it, melon!
Janja! This melon's
got water inside it.
They all do, fur-brain.
That's why we're takin' 'em.
Really? Ooh, good.
I'm thirsty.
(STRUGGLING)
(GRUNTS)
Enough messin' around.
Let's go!
KION: Stop right there, Janja!
Those melons are
for the elephants!
Oh, are they?
Well, don't worry, Kion.
We'll bring 'em right back.
After we drink
all their water.
Move it, fellas!
We gotta stop them!
Come on!
Faster, fellas!
You want fast?
You got it! Huwezi!
(GRUNTS)
Hey! (GRUNTS)
That's one!
Give back that
melon, Chungu!
Uh-uh.
I stole it fair and square!
(GROANS)
There's nothing fair
about stealing!
Bunga! We've got a loose one!
Zuka Zama!
That's two!
Give it up, Janja!
(GRUNTS)
Somebody grab
that last melon!
I got it! I got it!
(GRUNTS)
I don't got it.
BESHTE: Good try, Little B.
At least we saved
the other ones.
How'd the hyenas even find
the elephants' melon patch?
(SCOFFS) Luck,
I'm guessing.
Gotta be. The patch
is really well hidden.
Indeed. It's even difficult
for me to see!
We'll have to keep
a close eye on them,
in case the hyenas come back.
We gotta guard fruit?
The melons help
give the elephants
the water they need
to make it through
the dry season.
Common knowledge, really.
It's all part of
the Circle of Life.
And defending it is our job.
JANJA: (SIGHS)
Another one of
my brilliant plans,
ruined by the Lion Guard!
Yeah. Those guys are always
gettin' in our way.
Huh? No! (HISSES)
(ALL GRUNT)
Speakin' of gettin'
in our way...
Excuse me?
Watch your step!
SCAR: Enough!
(ROARING)
Hi, Scar.
What happened this time?
We stumbled onto
some Tikiti melons
and was gonna take 'em.
But then the Lion Guard
stumbled onto us, and, uh...
Tikiti melons!
Ah, yes.
Did you know
they got water
inside 'em?
Yes. Precious water.
The Pride Lands' elephants
would be vulnerable
without those melons.
Especially during
the dry season.
Hyenas!
(ALL WHIMPER)
Go back and take all
of the Tikiti melons.
If the elephants don't
have enough water,
it will mean the
end of their herd!
And perhaps
the Circle of Life, as well!
(CHUCKLES MENACINGLY)
Uh, Scar?
We totally wanna help.
But the Lion Guard's
just gonna stop us again.
I know a lizard who can
stop the Lion Guard.
Then you'll have plenty
of time to steal the melons.
A lizard? You mean,
like one of those skinks?
(HISSING)
(CHUCKLING) How's one
little lizard gonna
stop the Lion Guard?
Trust me, my friend
is not a little lizard.
He's very big.
And very bad.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
USHARI:
♪ Big, bad Kenge,
He's as mean as they come
♪ You want somebody scary
Then he's number one
♪ He's got a special trick
You might not expect
♪ To stop someone moving
With one little peck
♪ Oh, big, bad Kenge
♪ He'll always cause a fright
♪ Big, bad Kenge
♪ Will stop you with his bite
♪ He's bigger than big
He's meaner than mean
♪ He's the scariest lizard
That you ever did see
♪ Big, bad Kenge
♪ Big, bad Kenge is a lizard
It's true
♪ You need somebody rough
He knows what to do
♪ But he don't take kindly
To remarks on his size
♪ He'll zip up your lips
From the look in his eyes
♪ Big, bad Kenge
♪ He'll always cause a fright
♪ Will stop you with his bite
♪ He's bigger than big
He's meaner than mean
♪ He's the scariest lizard
That you ever did see
♪ Oh, big, bad Kenge
♪ He'll always cause a fright
♪ Big, bad Kenge
♪ Will stop you with his bite
♪ He's bigger than big
He's meaner than mean
♪ He's the scariest lizard
That you ever did see
♪ Big, bad Kenge ♪
SCAR: Ushari.
Tell your friend Kenge
to pay a visit
to the Lion Guard.
Certainly.
And, hyenas?
Whatever you do,
don't call Kenge
a "little lizard."
Why's that?
You don't want to know.
Gee, Janja.
How big could
this lizard be?
(LOUD THUMPING FOOTSTEPS)
Okay. That lizard's
definitely not little.
(HISSES)
What did you call me?
Uh, a big lizard!
(STAMMERS) You're
a very big, big lizard!
That's right.
And don't forget it.
I wouldn't want
to be his enemy.
I don't even wanna
be his friend!
Don't worry.
We're not friends.
(HISSES)
Enough chit-chat!
Time to find the Lion Guard.
Find 'em?
How you gonna do that?
I'm going to let them find me!
Kion, how much longer are
we gonna stick around here?
You really think
the hyenas'll come back
knowin' we're around?
Not too smart,
if you ask me.
Hyenas aren't smart.
Remember?
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Fuli's right, Bunga.
Janja might come back
and we can't risk
losing these melons.
Ono? Take another look?
Affirmative!
I don't see any hyenas.
But...
Hapana!
Animals are being attacked
at the watering hole!
Attacked? By who?
I can't tell.
There's too much chaos!
But whatever it is,
it's fast. And big!
Then we've gotta stop it!
Ono? Be sure to keep an eye
on the melons, too.
Affirmative!
Now let's go.
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Come here, you!
Hold still! (SNARLS)
THURSTON:
(SCREAMS) Panic and run!
(LAUGHS) That's right!
Run away from the big lizard!
(SNARLS)
(BOTH WHIMPER)
(LAUGHING)
KION: Lizard!
Stop this attack! Now!
Well, fun's over.
I don't know
who you are,
but this is not
how we do things
in the Pride Lands!
Yeah! Around here we
respect the Circle of Life!
You must be the Lion Guard.
That's right.
Protectors of
the Pride Lands!
Yeah. They said
you talked like that.
Then I bet you're not
happy to see us!
Actually, I'm thrilled.
Bring it on.
You asked for it.
(SNARLS)
Whoa!
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
Oh!
Ow!
My legs!
What's going on?
Kion!
What's wrong?
I don't feel so good!
(GRUNTS)
Ushari was right
about Kenge.
He's takin' 'em down!
Yeah! (CACKLES)
Down and out!
Come on, I dare you!
(LAUGHS) Listen
to the honey badger!
He thinks he's brave enough
to fight Kenge!
Biggest lizard
in the Outlands!
I don't just think it!
I know it!
Really? I smell fear.
I'll give you
something to smell!
(BUNGA FARTS)
(COUGHING)
Yeah, that's right,
you lizard!
Run!
(GAGGING)
CHUNGU: Hey, wait for us!
(SNIFFS DEEPLY)
Smells like victory.
Are you guys okay?
Yeah, but...
(GRUNTS)
My legs won't move!
(GRUNTS) Neither will mine!
I can't even feel them.
They're just numb.
Of course. Kenge must
be a monitor lizard!
I've never seen one
until now!
What does that have to do
with our legs being numb?
A monitor lizard's bite
contains venom
which causes paralysis.
Common knowledge, really.
So that's why
our legs won't move?
Yes, but don't worry.
The venom will wear off
and your legs will go
back to normal.
Great! When?
(GASPS) I have no idea.
Well, we can't
just sit here!
That lizard is roaming
the Pride Lands!
He could bite someone else!
Ono, get Rafiki.
Maybe he has a remedy that
can heal our legs faster.
Affirmative!
Don't worry.
I'll stay here
and protect you
in case that lizard
comes back.
Ugh!
Rafiki? Rafiki!
Oh, please be home,
please be home. Rafiki?
Oh, hi, Ono!
Rafiki's gone for the day.
I'm watching his tree.
Well, I'm not really
watching it, I'm more like...
A monitor lizard bit
Kion, Fuli and Beshte!
Their legs won't move!
Oh, no! If they can't move,
then they can't protect
the Pride Lands.
And if they can't protect
the Pride Lands,
then the Pride Lands
are unprotected, and...
The venom will wear off.
We were hoping
Rafiki had a remedy
to help them heal faster.
Oh, I'm sure he does!
Oh, but he's not here.
Oh, but I'm here.
And Rafiki's teaching me
all about remedies.
So maybe I can help!
But, we were...
Or, I mean, I can try to help.
I've never actually
made a remedy before.
I've watched him
do it, though.
Thanks, Makini.
The Lion Guard has
to stop that lizard before
he bites someone else!
Who's the fastest now, Fuli?
Huh? Huh?
Who's the fastest now?
Still me.
Yeah, okay.
But I'm still
the bravest!
ONO: Everyone! Everyone!
Rafiki's gone all day...
But I'm here!
And I'm going to find a way
to help your legs heal faster!
Or, I'm gonna try.
Thanks, Makini!
Yeah! We've gotta
get back on our feet
and catch that lizard!
We really need your help.
But no pressure.
Okay, now, let's see.
I remember Rafiki telling me
something that can help heal.
I think it was Ghanda root!
Or the kioo stone.
Or maybe kupona sap?
She's still learning.
(GASPS) Oh, oh, I know!
Ponya flowers!
I'm almost totally sure
that's what Rafiki said
can help!
Okay!
Great!
Oh. But I don't have
any Ponya flowers. Do you?
Uh, no.
I can find
the flowers, Makini.
I am the keenest of sight.
Oh, thank you, Ono!
That would be great.
Especially because
I don't know what
Ponya flowers look like!
Well, they're bright red...
Hmm.
And there's a big bush
of them by Big Springs!
(HYENAS CACKLING)
Wait a tick.
(GASPS) Hapana!
Everyone! Janja,
Cheezi and Chungu
are heading back
to the melon patch.
And Kenge's with them!
Heyvi kabisa!
The hyenas
and the monitor lizard?
They must be working together!
But why?
Janja must have
asked Kenge to bite us
so we couldn't stop them
from taking the melons!
Wait till I get my legs back.
And you will!
As soon as I get
the Ponya flowers!
Bunga. Ono. You've gotta
stop Kenge and the hyenas.
No problem, Kion.
They'll be sorry they
ever left the Outlands.
(STAMMERS)
But, you mean, just us?
Sure! We've got
brains and bravery!
What more do we need?
Hmm. I guess
there's no other choice.
Till the Pride Lands end...
BUNGA: Lion Guard defend!
Remember, this time
we gotta take all the melons.
Then the elephants
won't have nothin' to drink
when their
watering holes go dry.
(CACKLING)
Hey, lizard!
You wanna give us
a little help here or what?
Little?
(SNARLING)
Okay, how 'bout
some big help then?
You think you're
in charge here?
Me? Uh, maybe?
But, uh, maybe not.
Janja! You say
that all the time!
Yeah!
BOTH: "I'm in charge!
I'm in charge!"
Maybe you're
in charge of them.
But you're not
in charge of me!
(SNARLS)
Now we start rolling!
Yeah, yeah.
Okay!
Sure!
My venom won't stall
the Lion Guard forever.
We'll need to get
to the Outlands before
they recover!
Too late for that, lizard.
The Lion Guard's already
here to stop you!
What Lion Guard?
Most of you
ain't even here,
thanks to Kenge.
Uh, the very big Kenge!
That's right.
You two can't
possibly stop us.
Oh, yeah?
We'll see about that!
Zuka Zama!
Hyenas! You take the melons.
I deal with these two!
Whatever you say, Kenge!
You take the hyenas, Ono.
I've got the lizard.
Affirmative!
Zuka Zama!
(EXCLAIMS)
Whoa! That was close!
Thanks, Bunga!
(SNARLS)
There's more where
that came from!
Give up those melons, hyenas!
Ooh! Oh!
Watch it, fur-brains!
Don't lose the melons!
I've had enough of you,
honey badger.
Oh, yeah?
Tell me about it!
(SNARLS)
(GRUNTS)
No, no, really.
Tell me about it.
Speak up!
Beat it, bird! Scat! Shoo!
I got this, Ono!
(GRUNTING)
Ha! Nice shot, Bunga!
(ONO SHRIEKS)
Ow! My wing!
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS) Ono!
(WHIMPERS)
Leave him alone!
You want another stink bomb?
What I want is you out
of my way once and for all!
Whoa!
(GRUNTS)
You bit me!
Yeah, and you taste
as bad as you smell.
Hey!
Let's go!
(JANJA CHUCKLING)
Hey, nice one, Kenge!
Now that ya took care
of the Lion Guard,
takin' melons is easy!
KENGE: Yes, hyenas.
That was the plan.
I can't believe
that lizard bit us!
Huh. Can you
feel anything?
Just my feet.
And my legs...
Hey! I can feel everything!
Un-Bunga-lievable!
I'm okay!
Well, that makes one of us.
I hope Makini found
those Ponya flowers.
(SNIFFS AND SNEEZES)
Oh, Makini, are we supposed
to smell the flowers?
(SPUTTERS) Eat them?
Or wear them?
Yes!
Actually, I'm not sure.
But if we do all three,
then something's bound
to work!
BUNGA: Well, I've got
good news and bad news!
The good news is, I'm immune
to monitor lizard venom!
Guess what
the bad news is.
The lizard bit you guys, too?
And now I can't fly.
Well, I think these
Ponya flowers are
starting to make our legs
feel better. Right, guys?
Uh, sure.
I guess.
MAKINI: Oh, good!
Here, Ono. Wear this!
Now smell. And eat!
Okay. (GULPS)
Hmm, not bad.
Well, it's a good thing
your legs are feelin' better,
'cause the hyenas
kind of got away.
What? No!
Unfortunately, yes.
And they're taking all
the melons to the Outlands!
What are we
gonna do, Kion?
We still can't walk!
BUNGA: Maybe you can't.
But I can!
I'll just handle 'em alone,
honey badger style.
But there's too many
of them, Little B.
You're outnumbered!
Makini, we need you to help
Bunga save those melons.
Me? But, oh, uh,
I don't know.
Without that water,
the elephants won't
survive the dry season!
It could change
the Circle of Life forever!
We really need
your help, Makini.
I'll do everything I can.
Thanks, Makini.
And don't worry.
I'll be right there
to protect you.
Ono, what path were
the hyenas taking
to the Outlands?
They seemed to be heading
toward Embamba Canyon.
That's a pretty
narrow pass.
Okay, you two.
I have a plan.
Oh, good.
I really hope
it'll work.
So do I.
Okay, there they are.
We need to hurry, Bunga!
They're almost
to the Outlands!
Don't worry, Makini.
Just remember the plan.
Right. (INHALES DEEPLY)
Shwari. I can do this.
♪ Zuka Zama, I'm immune!
Zuka Zama, zoom zoom zoom! ♪
The honey badger?
What's he doin' here?
Yeah, I thought
you bit him.
I did!
Hey, Kenge!
Yoo-hoo!
(SNARLS)
What are you doing here,
honey badger?
Just wanted
to let you know
your bite's not
workin' anymore.
See? It hasn't stopped me!
Guess that bite of yours
ain't so bad after all!
Oh, yeah?
(COUGHS) Phew!
But your breath,
now that's bad!
Gotta tell you,
for someone who says
they're a big, scary lizard,
you're not that scary
or that big.
Uh-oh!
What did you just say?
Which part?
The part where
you're not scary,
or the part where
you're not big?
Just don't call him
little, Bunga!
Oh! You don't like being
called a little lizard.
Stop saying that!
Saying what?
"Little lizard"?
(MOCKINGLY)
Little lizard.
Oh, little lizard.
I am not a little lizard!
Whoa.
He's gonna get it now.
Eh, I've seen bigger.
Lots bigger!
(SNARLING)
(CHUCKLING)
(HYENAS GRUNTING)
How ya gonna bite me if
you can't even catch me?
Ow! What'd I do?
(GROANS)
What's the matter,
little lizard?
Can't tell a hyena
from a honey badger?
(YELLS) Gee, I guess he can't.
Hey, hey, hey!
Leave me out of this!
See? I knew you couldn't
catch me... Huh?
(STRUGGLING)
Don't make me use
my stink on you, Janja!
This time I'm not
just gonna bite you,
little honey badger.
I'm gonna eat you too!
(GASPS)
(LAUGHING)
Oh, this ain't fair!
Who threw that melon?
You!
Uh, get away,
lizard! (GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS) There goes
another staff.
Bunga, hurry!
Now, Kion! Now!
What?
CHEEZI: The Lion Guard?
Uh, Janja?
Ain't you gonna tell us
to "Run, fur-brains"?
If we could, I would.
Time to go home, Kenge!
(ROARING)
ALL: Whoa!
And stay out!
Yeah!
Poa! Kion, your roar
blew them all the way
back to the Outlands!
Now let's make sure
the melons are safe!
Kion, that was
un-Bunga-lievable!
Your legs
are working again!
The flowers helped!
They sure did, Makini.
They healed us.
You healed us.
Yay! I wish I knew
how I did that.
What about the melons?
Bunga, are they okay?
Sure are!
Now the elephants will have
enough water to make it
through the dry season.
Come on, everyone.
Let's get the melons
back to the patch.
BUNGA: I sure am glad
you all can move again.
Taking on Kenge and the hyenas
by myself is one thing,
but movin'
all these melons?
That's hard work!
(ALL LAUGH)
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪